Dynamic Dashboard Card Image UI Fix (#22516)
wordpress-mobile/WordPress-iOS: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

24.2
-----

> * [*] Fix the UI bug on Dynamic Dashboard Card [#22516]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [*] [Jetpack-only] Fixed a UI bug where the Dynamic Dashboard Card would slightly jump on first launch. [#22516]
```
